Exercise 1
================

## Google Studies

|     | Happiness/Attrition before salary increase | 10% salary increase | Happiness/attrition after salary increase |
|:----|:-------------------------------------------|:--------------------|:------------------------------------------|
| NR  | O1                                         | X                   | O2                                        |

NR: Non-random because the salary increase was applied to the entire
company, thus there was no selection process involved.

O1 and O2: O1 is to represent the initial attrition rate prior to the
salary increase that is represented by X. O2 is the new attrition rate
after the increase was implemented and O2 is now able to be compared to
O1 to measure if there was an impact on the attrition rate because of
the hike in salary. This impact would be highlighted through the delta
of O2 and O1.

X: The change in salary for employees of Google

Challenges: The main challenge that I faced was if it is necessary to
incorporate the study that demonstrated that employees preferred an
increase in base pay over a one-time bonus. If it is to be incorporated
in the design notation, how would it be shown? I did not include it as
it is a separate study, however since the study of the happiness
before/after the salary increase is dependent on the value given to
salary vs bonus, it did cause a challenge on my end. This challenge also
caused some doubt with regards to the design notation. If the happiness
before/after a bonus is measured, then it can be accurately compared to
the happiness increase from a 10% salary increase. Only then can a true
measure of the preference can be identified.

Considering the challenge(s) above, I would not be 100% confident in the
results from a design standpoint. I believe that is it important to
compare results to different stimuli to observe if there is a true net
increase compared to the other stimuli. While it is evident that people
are happy with a 10% salary increase, there can be other stimuli that
cause a greater increase in happiness. Also, if other changes in policy
happened at the same time as the salary increase announcement, there is
no clear indication that the salary increase is the main driver with the
happiness/attrition post-salary increase. It would be useful to know
what other noise is involved in the study to provide more confidence in
the findings.

## Managerial problem - completed with Sarah Kazi

1.  We believe that the expert and the data was possibly measuring
    success on different parameters causing for the results to differ.

2.  Another reason for the differing results could be that the outlook
    could be different for both. i.e., A could be better in the short
    term but detrimental in the long-term causing for the results to
    differ

3.  Similar to the second point, A can be related to habit changing
    which would take a longer period to observe with long-term benefits,
    whereas tactic B does not change a bad habit but demonstrates a
    short-term improvement that will reverse itself in the future.
